Fix various gRPC browser issues (#16914)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/browser.md

The `GrpcWebHandler` has the following configuration options when created:

* **InnerHandler**: The underlying <xref:System.Net.Http.HttpMessageHandler> that makes the HTTP call, for example, `HttpClientHandler`.

> * **Mode**: An enum that specifies whether the gRPC-Web request is sent as `application/grpc-web` or `application/grpc-web-text`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Mode**: An enumeration type that specifies whether the gRPC-Web request is sent as `application/grpc-web` or `application/grpc-web-text`.
```

> * **Mode**: An enum that specifies whether the gRPC-Web request is sent as `application/grpc-web` or `application/grpc-web-text`.

Reviewer: What's the name of the request header? As a reader, I'd want to know that.
